[Music]
every week since early October somewhere
in France there are protests against the
war in
Gaza and candidates in the Parliamentary
elections are being asked where they
stand on the left vocal criticism of
Israel has made some traditional
supporters
uneasy Rema Hassan who's just been
elected France's First Palestinian
French member of the European Parliament
acknowledges the challenges they face
I want to tell Jewish voters with all
humility that no party is perfect we are
perhaps not yet perfect on Progressive
issues or gender equality or the fight
against discrimination or anti-Semitism
we are humans Behind These political
organizations but what we promote is a
society where everyone can live as who
they are it is absolutely the opposite
of the far right the only party
convicted in court for inciting hatred
discrimination and
racism but when celebrated Holocaust
historian s clarfeld said he'd vote for
the far right over the left Alliance it
shocked the country it exposed how
troubled some Jewish voters are with the
options before them in this election
adding to the tension two teenagers from
a Paris suburb charged with the rape of
a 12-year-old girl aggravated by
anti-Semitism this is a rally to show
solidarity Jean Luke melanon figurehead
of the far left said he was horrified by
the crime but Marine lean on the far
right saw an opening to criticize what
she called stigmatization of Jews by the
far left the extreme right seems to be a
friend and I tell you seems to be but
it's not a friend we are dealing between
an enemy from the extreme left and a
fils friend from the right so we need to
focus on the center why because today
when you're Jewish you need to focus we
need to invest on Republic and the
Republic and democracy is in the middle
it's in the center it's unusual for a
foreign event to have a significant
impact on a domestic election but
Israel's war in Gaza has polarized
French society to such an extent that
some people will vote based on how the
political parties view the conflict and
that could have an impact on what is one
of the most consequential elections
there's ever been here Bernard Smith Al
jazer Paris
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer